.TH "METALINK" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
metalink \(em commandline metalink generator 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBmetalink\fR [\fB\fIinput files\fR\fP]  [ < \fB\fImirror list\fR\fP]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents briefly the 
\fBmetalink\fR command. 
.PP 
This manual page was written for the \fBDebian\fP distribution 
because the original program does not have a manual page. 
.PP 
\fBmetalink\fR allows you to generate metalinks from a list 
of mirrors and a collection of files. The files are hashed and the resulting 
metalink is generated on the stdout. 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, 
with long options starting with two dashes (`\-').  A summary of 
options is included below. 
.IP "\fB-h\fP           \fB\-\-help\fP         " 10 
Produce a help message 
.IP "          \fB\-\-version\fP         " 10 
Print out the name and version. 
.IP "          \fB\-\-md5\fP         " 10 
Generate metalink from md5sum file(s). 
.IP "          \fB\-\-addpath path\fP         " 10 
Append a path to the mirrors ('/' is not checked) 
.IP "          \fB\-\-headerfile arg\fP         " 10 
Include file after the root element declaration. 
.IP "          \fB\-\-nomirrors\fP         " 10 
Don't read mirrors from stdin 
.IP "          \fB\-\-hashlist\fP         " 10 
List hashes only (implies nomirrors) 
.IP "          \fB\-\-desc arg\fP         " 10 
Add metalink description 
.IP "          \fB-d arg\fP         " 10 
Include given digest 
.IP "          \fB\-\-mindigests\fP         " 10 
Include: md5 sha1 
.IP "          \fB\-\-somedigests\fP         " 10 
Include: md5 sha1 ed2k 
.IP "          \fB\-\-alldigests\fP         " 10 
Include all possible digests 
.IP "          \fB\fP         " 10 
.IP "          \fB\fP         " 10 
.IP "          \fB\fP         " 10 
.PP 
Supported algorithms are (\-d options): 
md4 md5 sha1 sha256 sha384 sha512 rmd160 tiger crc32 ed2k gnunet sha1pieces 
.PP 
Mirror lists are single line definitions according to: 
[location [preference] [type] % ] mirror base url 
.SH "EXAMPLES" 
.PP 
http://example.com/ as a mirror: 
echo http://example.com | metalink \-d md5 \-d sha1 * 
 
.PP 
http://example.com/ as a mirror with preference and location: 
echo us 10 % http://example.com | metalink \-d md5 \-d sha1 * 
.PP 
http://example.com/ as a mirror with preference only: 
echo 0 10 % http://example.com | metalink \-d md5 * 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by A. Bram Neijt bneijt@gmail.com for 
the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 any 
later version published by the Free Software Foundation. 
 
.PP 
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public 
License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL. 
 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 05 Jan 2009, 18:28 
